so here we have a beautiful halibut as you can
see it's it's got the dark side right here which
is like a camouflage and a white side underneath
there's four fillets here so there is a side bone
that sticks up which separates the two fillets
on each side we also have a collarbone now we're
going to cut this collarbone off I'm going
to need two different knives to do it so i'm
going to use my fillet knife boning knife here
to loosen it and I'm going to turn it over and
then i'll use my french knife to take off
the rest so I just want to go underneath
just using the tip of my knife here and just
score all the way through it's like a crescent
and I'm going to do the same thing on the
opposite side so let's just flip the fish over
you want to be careful when
you're flipping the fish over
and also have a keep a nice clean side towel to
keep it nice and dry you want to keep it safe the
same like handling your knife you want to make
sure that the handle of your knife is also dry
so it's the same thing on this side now
there is two fillets there's one here
and one here which we'll get to in a in a
minute so again we want to remove the collar
once we get to this part then we will
need our french knife to go through
so again the sharper knife will
go right through the backbone
let me just expose it so you can see it
better so you can see there's the backbone
right there so i've gone through on one side
and i'll flip it over to go on the other side
actually I didn't need to flip it
it just came out just like that
and there's the collar